In case you wanna do exercise two,
in order to get more of a feel for
Xstate, you could take your object
syntax that you had over here
in exercise one,
copy that over inside of createMachine.
And so, if you recall,
it's the exact same syntax and
then we're going to be setting our
currentStates to machine.initial.
And then our send is just going to be
currentState is the machine.transition,
the currentState and the events.
And so this is going to be
how we use XState in order
to do the exact same thing
that we did in exercise one.
So exercise three encompasses both
exercise two and using an interpreter.
So we're just mushing
those into one exercise.